feat: Release unpublishable packages (#2001)
release-plz/release-plz: website/docs/faq.md

# FAQ

## What packages does release-plz process?

By default, release-plz only processes packages that it considers *unpublishable*.
A package is considered *unpublishable* if:

- It has `publish = false` in its `Cargo.toml`.
- It is an [example](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/cargo-targets.html#examples)
  that does not specify the [`publish`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-publish-field)
  field in its `Cargo.toml` file. To publish it, set this field.

:::tip
Even if a package is not processed, release-plz will update its `Cargo.toml` to
bump the version of a local dependency if needed.
:::

If you want to check which packages release-plz will release, run
`release-plz release --dry-run`.

> ### Making release-plz process unpublished packages
> 
> Unpublished packages *can* be updated and released by release-plz if so desired.
> Their processing must be opted into by setting the [package-specific `release` option](config.md#the-release-field-package-section)
> to `true`, even if `release = true` is specified at the workspace level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Release unpublishable packages

Even if a project is unpublishable, you can still use release-plz to update and release it.

To do so, and make release-plz process a package, set the
[package-specific `release` option](config.md#the-release-field-package-section)
to `true`.
Note that you need to set `release = true` at the `[[package]]` level, even if `release = true` is specified at the `[workspace]` level.
```
